Move rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp quality declaration to Q1 (#657)
ros2/rosidl: rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

- achieving and maintaining a reasonable branch line coverage (90-100%)
- no lines are manually skipped in coverage calculations

> Current coverage statistics can be viewed [here](https://ci.ros2.org/job/nightly_linux_coverage/lastSuccessfulBuild/cobertura/). Given the different approach used for testing (detailed in "Note about the design of testing" in this same document) the pattern to search for `rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp` is:

Reviewer: @j-rivero 
```suggestion
Current coverage statistics can be viewed [here](https://ci.ros2.org/job/nightly_linux_coverage/lastSuccessfulBuild/cobertura/). Given the approach used for testing (detailed in "Note about tests design" at the beginning of section [4]) the pattern to search for `rosidl_typesupport_introspection_cpp` is:
```
I missed this one in #656.

Author: I'm going to include it in this PR, not a big deal anyway. 493e21e
